Update README.md with steps to setup Dev environment (#32365)
metabase/metabase: README.md

Metabase can be run just about anywhere. Check out our [Installation Guides](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/operations-guide/installing-metabase.html).

## Contributing

> ### Quick Setup: Dev environment
> 
> In order to spin up a development environment, you need to start the front end and the backend as follows:
> The following command will install the javascript dependencies: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Quick Setup: Dev environment

In order to spin up a development environment, you need to start the front end and the backend as follows:

### Frontend quick setup

The following command will install the Javascript dependencies:

```

```
$ yarn install
```

> To build and run without watching changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and run without watching changes:

```

```
$ yarn build
```

> To build and run with hot-reload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To build and run with hot-reload:

```

Spacing.

```
$ yarn build-hot 
```

> ### Backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Backend  quick setup
```

> In order to run the backend, you'll need to build the drivers first, and then start the backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run the backend, you'll need to build the drivers first, and then start the backend:

```

```
$ ./bin/build-drivers.sh
$ clojure -M:run
```

> For a detailed development installation of the Metabase, check out our [Developers Guide](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/developers-guide/start).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For a more detailed setup of a dev environment for Metabase, check out our [Developers Guide](./docs/developers-guide/start.md).
```
